and I voted off Cameron.
I felt really bad about it.
I think Cameron was
a really sweet person.
But I did have
to make a decision
and I did feel, like,
the least connection with him.
I know I've only been here
for a little bit
but I've already made so many
connections with the daters.
But I think that they act
differently around me.
It's like they kind of, like,
put on a show,
like they want to impress me.
And I get that.
In a way, like,
I wish I could know
how everyone's acting
when I'm not in the house.
That's definitely a concern.
Feels good, huh?
Yeah, it does, actually.
[Sienna] Tyler's
playing with me.
It's usually
an immediate turn-off
when a guy is not
accepting the fact
that I'm like,
"I'm a lesbian."
But, I like someone
who's really confident
and doesn't get embarrassed.
He's doing thirst traps
in front of me.
Like, making thirst traps.
And... it's honestly a vibe.
He's kinda cute.
I was worried about you.
You're getting sunburned.
Yeah?
-Oh.
-That felt so good. Thank you.
Listen...
I know the main goal was
supposed to be going after Lexi.
I tend to forget that easily.
Because she's not
around all the time.
I don't think I'll be
the only one, though.
I won't be the only one.
[Rylin] I do think you should
put me as your screensaver.
-Alright.
-Do you want to have just me?
Or do you want the ones of us?
Can you send me one of both?
I can put the one of us
together as my home.
And I can use the one of you
as my lock screen.
-Good.
-So people know what's up.
That's so cute.
So I'm worried because
the other contestants are like--
There'd be flirting
or, like, hitting on me.
And even one of them
tried to kiss me.
And I'm like,
"Guys, if that gets back to her,
like, my chances are done."
What do you think Lexi'll think
if you open your phone
and there's just a picture of me
as the background?
She really does not
have to know.
You want to not tell her!
Already, keeping secrets.
Okay, and you say you're not
trying to keep a secret?
Well, because if you're
willing to keep secrets
from other people
you're pursuing,
you would keep secrets from me.
Not when it's me and you
against the world.
I noticed three other girls
for sure.
I love Jasmine's curly hair.
Rylin had a bunch of confidence
and just overall good vibes.
And Jayme,
she's just really pretty.
[Rylin] No [bleep] way.
No way.
You are too much.
You're a trip.
[Josh] Lexi's not here.
That's why everybody act
like this.
'Cause Lexi not here.
You need the game
to be about the game.
I feel like I gotta be
the real dude in the house.
It's a lot
of fake stuff going on,
so I just gotta keep it real.
[Kalysta] Something's goin' on
with Jayme and I know it.
First of all, it's like,
you're gonna put Jayme
as your number one but you don't
even know about her and Sienna.
Sienna--
When you don't even know
about her and Sienna.
Tyler, Jayme and Sienna--
Those are, like, my homies,
but they got a little suss thing
going on right there.
We came here for Lexi.
And you're out here
spitting game to other girls?
Wait. How do you know?
'Cause we're in the loop.
Wait, did she tell you
last night?
-No, we just in the loop.
-Yeah. We're just in there.
[girls chatting]
Okay, so I had no idea
that Jayme was gonna be here.
I'm getting red.
But I do have a little bit
of history with Jayme.
[Sienna chuckles]
Um, we went on a date.
And we've been on more dates
since that initial date.
We were never official.
We never...
She was never my girlfriend.
So she's my friend.
Mm.
[whispering]
Jayme and I met
back in Santa Barbara.
And now we're here.
And I don't know
what to do with that.
[speaking quietly]
[whispering]
[Sienna] Jayme was always--
She was very difficult.
Like, she was
very distant from me.
I asked Jayme to be
my girlfriend and she said no.
[speaking quietly]
Tyler and Sienna were
kinda hitting it off a bit.
And I noticed myself
getting jealous.
But it just makes things
[bleep] weird.
Imagine your ex is here
trying to be with someone else.
Oh that's tough, though.
Aren't you guys
in the same room?
I don't want my energy
to be taken up
by Sienna and what she's doing.
I don't want that to distract me
from why I'm here.
Can I get a goodnight hug?
-What is up with her today?
-It's civility, it's civility.
What did I do to you
that was so bad today?
Run the clip back.
[Sienna mumbles]
What was the clip?
'Cause you're mumbling.
You wanna be friends?
We can be friends.
But stay consistent about it.
What? I've stayed consistent
with it.
I've stayed friends
the whole time.
I've heard of love triangles.
But I think I might be
in a love diamond. You know?
Jayme, Tyler, and at the center,
my love, Lexi.
So, uh, yeah, we're gonna see
how this all goes.
This is a lot to balance.
* When I wake up I drink
eight cups of that agua *
* Chase my paper
See you later, hasta mañana *
* Apply my makeup
with my pink puff... *
Hello, hello, hello!
[Anthony] It's Day Two and we're
down to six people on each team.
Yeah. Today's our first
real challenge.
So we're going to be able to see
what these daters are made of.
Luis was in the bottom two,
so I'm gonna check in with him,
see how he's feeling,
and tell him what he can lean
into and pull back a little on.
Luis, you have everything
going for you, okay?
You are attractive,
you are smart, you are fun...
Um, what's our game plan here?
I know the competition's
really tough
and I'm not saying
I'm not going to the finals.
But if anything goes wrong,
I'm trying to find
a backup plan.
That's what you're doing. Okay.
'Cause I was like, "Wait--"
Is that why you're flirting
with what's-her-name? Rylin?
So I'm getting to know Rylin
and she's super fun.
Like, I really [beep]
with her vibe.
It's definitely-- There's
a connection there for sure.
How do you feel
about Lexi right now?
As I've gotten to know her,
like, genuinely,
like, I think she's so sweet,
first of all.
She's super genuine.
She's very confident
in who she is.
Um...
There's still
a lot of time left here.
So you still have
a lot of time with Lexi.
But the truth of the matter is
in these past few days
you've spent most of your time
with the rest of the people
over there.
-Right.
-You know?
And so, have you made
any connections with anybody
beyond just platonic
or just friends?
No, not as I see it.
I think, like, with Luis
it got kind of complicated
because I am very like--
with all my friends
I'll cuddle with them.
And I was cuddling with Jayme.
You know, my roommates
and stuff like that.
But, like, it's platonic.
They're here for Lexi
and they need to remember that.
Lexi's definitely my type.
She's everything
I've been looking for.
I think overall, I'm gonna come
back with my actual confidence.
You know, go in, talk to her
how I talk to everybody else.
I feel like it's gonna
work out for sure.
I do want you to stand up,
let her know how you feel
and start asking her
more questions.
Think of something you can do
for Lexi that's small.
It doesn't have to be,
like, a big thing.
-Yeah. Yeah.
-Cool? Alright.
Thank you so much.
It's hard to read
what's going on with Lexi
and the way she feels
about people,
because we get such small times
where we get to see her
and hang out with her.
I don't want Lexi to think that
I'm drama
or that in any way
this is normal for me
to be involved in,
you know, a love triangle.
I'm trying to just get
as much advice as I can.
[cheering]
How have you guys been doing?
We're having a good time, right?
[cheering]
That's what I'm talking about.
[Lexi] I am really excited
because today we're doing
our first challenge! Whoo!
And I get to see how all
of the daters act in their teams
and how they act
in their challenge,
vying for my attention.
And that's really
where it gets fun.
You guys ready
for our big challenge today?
-[cheering]
-That's what I want to hear.
Who here has slid into
somebody's DMs before?
[Spicy] Uh huh, yep.
That's what we thought.
A lot of great relationships go
from sliding through the DMs.
But you can't just say hi,
or leave a little fire emoji.
So here's how it's going to go
down in the DMs today.
Each of you have submitted
your best pick-up lines.
In the ice box behind you
those pick-up lines
have been frozen.
You will be using
only your bodies
to melt those ice blocks
to reveal the pick-up lines.
[all] Ooh!
I don't know if people do that
on the daily and everything,
but that's not, like,
my go-to for a normal activity.
So, once the ice blocks
have been melted enough
to reveal the pick-up lines,
individual team members will
slide across the slide,
meet another team member
at the end of the slide,
That team member
will then be responsible
for matching that pick-up line
to who they thought
submitted it.
And the team
with the most matches
in the shortest time wins--
You wanna know
what you're winning?
-What?
-Yeah, we do.
The team that wins gets to go
on a group date with me.
[cheering]
Alright, so you guys are gonna
get with your team
and decide who's
doing what right now.
[Kalysta]
Off bat, I need this date.
I need this group date
with Lexi. It's crucial.
Crucial. And it is. [laughs]
[overlapping speech]
[Marc] I want to win
this challenge so bad.
I'm not thinking
about anything else
other than winning.
-All day like--
-[all] Woof!
-All night like--
-All ice like--
-[all] Woof!
-Team Spice like--
-[cheering]
Let's go!
Bring up the energy!
[team chatter]
-Whoo!
-Go!
[shouting, cheering]
These people are nuts!
They're just, like, actually
doing everything they can
to win this challenge
and go on a group date with me.
But I'm like,
"Don't [bleep] hurt yourself."
It's looking really weird
I'm already knowing.
But, I'm just trying to win.
I don't care.
My adrenaline's flowing.
I'm pumped.
I'm like, "We have to win."
We're slippin', we're sliding.
We're shoo, shoo, shoo!
I already know this.
I said, "Girl, you hotter than
the bottom of my laptop."
'Cause y'all know
laptops get hot.
"I'm no photographer,
but I can picture us together."
"Hi." Next sentence,
"You are so wow."
[crickets chirping]
[bleep]
[chattering, cheering]
I see Kalysta twerking
on the ice block.
I'm carrying the team.
It's bitches standing behind me.
"Oh, I don't want
to get wet."
Get in the ice!
[screaming, cheering]
Hurry! Open it.
We're done!
[Spicy] Good job, guys.
Good job, good job.
[Lexi] Wait, we need a medic.
We need a medic, if possible.
-His hand doesn't look okay.
-Medic, medic!
He might have broke his hand
on the ice.
We need a medic, if possible.
His hand doesn't look okay.
Medic, medic.
He might have broke his hand
on the ice.
I looked down at my hand
after I hammer-fisted it
a couple times.
And I started seeing
a little blood come off my hand.
I was trying to hit the ice,
trying to win the date.
Don't even know
what happened to my hand.
But we're gonna see.
Was that not intense, or what?
Right? Like, crazy!
[Spicy] You guys killed it.
Everybody went 100% on this.
It was really impressive.
-[applause]
-Thanks, Coach.
So guys, remember,
a big reason for being here
is also to improve
your dating skills.
So me and Spicy
are gonna be looking
at some of the pick-up lines.
And seeing if there's
any room for improvement.
Ready to get critiqued?
-Yeah.
-Alright.
When it comes to communication,
you want to make sure
it's gonna land.
That the person is gonna
understand what you're saying.
So, you kinda gotta think
two steps ahead.
Sender, receiver.
How's this person gonna receive
what I'm sharing?
"Hope you look
even better in person."
Off the bat,
comes off kind of like,
"Wait, what are you
trying to say?"
If you're gonna
do something like that,
I would try to make it more of,
like, self-deprecating humor.
Start off with something like,
"Trust me,
I look better in person."
It'll be a lot better
than insulting the person
off the bat.
You guys, this one's concerning.
"I can play Cupid's theme
with your G-string"?
Look, I get it.
You might be dealing
with someone
who's hot like Lexi, right?
But she's more
than just a hot girl.
So if you're gonna approach her,
you wanna make sure
you have some respect with it.
And already asking
if you can, like, violate
and mess with her panties...
That's not how we want to go in.
[laughing]
That's not how we want
to start off, right?
So, I want to share
some of my favorite pick-up
lines that I've seen.
Um, and so the first one
probably would have to be,
"I can be the curly fries
to your ketchup."
So who was that?
[Lexi] Good job, Josh.
That's super cute.
The second one
that I thought was really cute
and personal was
"Are you French?
Because Eiffel for you."
And I know
that that was Cyprien,
and I know he's French
so I just thought that was cute.
Lexi tells me that my pick-up
line was her favorite.
My heart! You feel me?
The butterflies.
Everyone knows how that feels.
So, the winning team is,
with three matches,
blowing the other team
out of the water...
Drumroll, please.
Wooh!
Spicy Mari's team!
[screaming, cheering]
[team] Spicy, Spicy!
We freaking won!
Yay!
We're the winners. Yes, we are.
We're the winners, by far!
What?
In high school, they called me
The Comeback King for a reason.
This was super fun, you guys.
But, my winning team,
we gotta get dressed
and get ready
for our group date.
You guys ready to kill it again?
[excited chatter]
[Lexi] So we just found out
the date is at Color Me Mine,
which is a really cool
pottery place
where you get to paint pottery.
Really excited.
I've never done
something like this before.
And I'm also really excited
to get to connect
with everyone in this group
on a more intimate level.
* I know I make you
Feel some way *
* That's not my fault *
* I'm on a wave now
You fallin' off... *
Wait, I'm literally so happy
that this is the challenge.
You guys have no idea.
This'll be fun.
So, how excited
are you guys
that you, like,
won this challenge?
-Go, Team Spicy!
-Team Spicy's the champions!
Team Spicy!
[Camille] I'm actually
really looking forward
to being able to have
a little bit more
one-on-one time.
I think that being able to be
in a more intimate setting
where we can
all connect with her
is gonna be beneficial for all.
Can we ask you?
In a partner,
what do you look for?
-Oh, that's a good question.
-Yeah.
Um, I think--
Okay, so I was talking to
the dating coaches about this.
-The biggest ones is trust.
-Okay.
Um, like, if I can't
trust the person that I'm with
and if they can't trust me
it's not going to work.
One of my previous
relationships,
my boyfriend would
go through my phone.
That's a huge red flag.
And I look back at it,
and I'm like, "Holy [bleep],
how did I let that happen
for so long?"
-Yeah.
-So, that's, like, big for me.
And then another thing is
that they like to adventure.
I love to travel.
And then I think I would say,
like, the last thing is, like,
just that they're
really supportive as a person
and, like, they support me
in my pursuits and my job,
just like I would support them
in their pursuits.
So, yeah. What about you guys?
What are some deal-breakers?
[Josh] A big thing for me
is motivation, drive, passion...
Having a goal you want
to work towards in life.
You don't have to have
everything figured out,
but just want better
for yourself.
Yeah, I like that a lot.
I feel like
if your dreams don't scare you,
you're not dreaming
big enough.
-Oh I like that.
-That's a good quote.
-Luis, I like that quote.
-Thank you.
[Luis] So, I'm finally
on the date with Lexi.
Overall, I'm just trying
to redeem myself,
trying to see
who she is as a person
and trying to see if we're
compatible. Which we are.
I love adventure.
I feel like if the relationship
is built on experiences,
that's the purest relationship
you can have.
Like, seeing people
in different realms
and doing stuff,
like watching you guys paint--
-and, like, interact with art.
-Yeah.
Like, that's really important.
I feel like we're all artists
in different ways,
-but now we have to paint a cup.
-[all laugh]
-Yeah.
-It's a lot of pressure.
-This is so fun.
-Yeah.
And I feel like if it's someone
that doesn't push you
to do better,
or, like, be a better person
than you were before,
I feel like that won't help
relationship grow
and everything.
Yeah.
Yeah, for me
communication is a big deal.
If you can't sit down
and have a conversation with me,
like, I don't even want
to have anything to do with you.
'Cause, like... maturity is big.
I wonder what they're doing
back at the house without us.
-Crying.
-[Luis] For real.
-Wishing they were us right now.
-Yeah.
Who do y'all think's
gone tonight?
I think everyone's feeling
Lewis, or Luis.
-I think that's--
-Luis, really.
I think that makes
the most sense.
Everyone says Luis.
-Yeah.
-But I really think she's--
She's, like, the type for sure
to try to shock people.
True.
I don't know. Luis is going
on the date right now.
He's trying to redeem himself.
He said that last night.
Unfortunately, we did not win.
Team Anthony, um...
It was disgraceful.
We really did not do
what we should have.
I'm super bummed right now.
Any of y'all feel worried
about tonight?
-I'm not worried.
-Not worried at all?
Well, I don't know if I'm, like,
"I'm the one Lexi wants,"
but I think there's people who
would get the boot before me.
Like, I feel like there's people
I have a better chance than.
-I understand that.
-You know what I mean?
I also think since a guy
was eliminated first,
-it might be a girl.
-That's what I was thinking.
-That's a good point.
-She could be--
I'm really nervous about them
being on a date with her now.
'cause, like I said, these are
all the people she kind of
hasn't seemed
as interested in
or hasn't talked to that much.
And now they're getting
a direct chance
to, like, spend time with her
that we're never gonna have.
We're never gonna have
whatever opportunity
they're doing now with her.
It's gonna be an experience--
[Sienna] The first experience
they get outside.
Exactly.
That makes me so nervous.
Sienna and Jayme,
one of those two girls
are gonna get me
in trouble.
It's about Lexi.
You know, that's my main focus.
I gotta think in my head
what I can do
to make sure she knows that.
So I think I got something
up my sleeve
and we're gonna see
how that plays out.
Wait, can I see everyone's mugs?
That's cute.
[overlapping speech]
I ran out of space
at this point.
[Lexi] Wait, so what are
your guys',
what are your inspirations
for your art pieces?
Like, for your mugs?
-It was obviously chaos.
-[laughter]
[Lexi] Wait, I love it.
I feel like chaos is like,
just a good representation
of coincidences.
-Does that make sense? At all?
-Yeah.
No, I like that.
That's cool.
Your mug is really cool.
[Luis] Thank you.
So many colors...
I wanted to ask you Lexi, like,
what's the most
attractive thing for you?
In a person?
Yeah, like
your go-to personality
Personality. Just, like,
a person who can make me laugh.
Who also doesn't give a [bleep]
about what anybody thinks
about them. That's huge for me.
Like, I really like
confident, independent people.
Um, and then in terms of,
like, looks-wise?
I don't really have a type,
but I do like a person
who can hold
intimate eye contact.
I think that's hot.
[laughs]
I second that, for sure.
Luis is on this date and he is
acting so [bleep] fugaze.
I can literally see right
through this man's bullshit.
I mean, the same shit
he's pulling on Lexi,
he did this shit to Jasmine.
And he did the same
[bleep] thing to Rylin.
I'm like, "This man
is a pretty boy." That is it.
Are any of you religious?
-No.
-I am.
I used to be.
I kinda walked away because
a lot of people in the church
are really judgmental
and, like, really ignorant.
-Yeah.
-So, are you?
I'm not religious.
My grandma is super religious.
And so the first time she ever
found out about my sexuality
was actually
because of this show.
Oh, really?
-Yeah.
-That was new?
Yeah, that was new.
But she's been texting me.
And I honestly think--
like, I think it's better
than I thought it was gonna be.
What is your sexuality?
To me, I see people
as, like, their souls.
Like, it's not about,
like, anything down there.
Like, it's really, I'm not
attracted to a person's gender
or anything like that.
It's, like, their character
and their soul.
Um, and coming out,
I got lucky,
like, I have
a very, very supporting family.
I'm really happy everyone here
is very supportive.
That I'm into girls.
People who aren't, it's just
a lot about them not being able
to deal with
their own insecurities.
-Yeah.
Josh, that's
a really good point.
I know we have
only known each other
for a short amount of time,
but I feel like
I've bonded individually
so much with all of you.
Like, I know little details
about your lives.
And I'm sure there's so much
that I still have to learn.
But that's why we have time.
And that's why
we're doing stuff like this.
[Kalysta] It's nice to see
Lexi's guard come down.
And she can really talk to us
and get personal with us
about certain things.
And it just felt nice to have
some sort of
one-on-one with her.
Yo, how do you think
that date's going?
Honestly, I don't even know
what to expect.
I don't even know
where they are, but...
It's going, that's all I know.
It's going.
They're all realizing they have
to go for Lexi at this point.
People are already
getting put on blast
for trying to have little,
like, groups or whatever.
You know what I'm saying?
Like, people are already
getting put on blast.
I also think
people are realizing that
if they don't step up soon,
they're gonna need to leave...
Yeah, I'm kind of getting
worried about that because,
you know, I feel like
everyone's kind of saying this.
And she might be feeling that
I'm here for the wrong reasons
and necessarily not
as interested in her
as the other girls.
I mean, I kind of thought of,
like, something cool to do.
You know, tonight, just kind of
pull her off to the side
and have, like,
a little picnic or something.
-With you and her?
-Yeah.
-Oh okay.
-I was gonna get this blanket.
-Like, lay it down on the grass.
-Yeah, let me see.
Damn, this dude has it
all planned out and everything.
And then, I was just gonna use
these flowers
The flowers that match. Okay.
Match the blanket.
Ordered food earlier. Got some--
I'll just show you.
Let me see. Yeah.
I know she likes açai bowls
and her chocolate cake.
So, you know, we ordered some--
-Dang!
-Yeah.
-So...
-Bro, you went hard. Okay!
Oh, I will be
the first one to tell you
I have been, like, engaging
in flirting with other...
-Right.
-...Sienna and the other girls.
So, I just wanted to, you know.
This is a step towards
the right direction over here.
I wanna
get some stuff straight.
But this is about
to actually make her...
I ain't gonna lie, though,
I need some help setting it up.
Hey, I got you.
We can definitely use
all these right here.
Damn, am I really about to help
my opponent right now?
On a date with my girl, like,
my shorty I'm trying to get at?
But, that's my boy.
I really gotta help him.
I just gotta be a good guy.
You know?
I think Lexi is also
gonna notice that.
"He's helpful, he has
open arms to anyone."
[chuckling]
I feel like we definitely
gotta move the floats.
-Otay.
-This is cute. I like this.
I would say it's pretty good.
-Alright, let's get this food.
-Alright, let's go.
Sheesh!
* Just can't tell at all *
* And I can't tell
if you real or not *
Hey.
* Just can't tell at all *
What's up, shorty?
What's this?
-What is this? Our little date?
-It's a little date.
Oh my god.
This guy.
Tyler set up something
really special for me.
I-- like, I got emotional.
This is so cute.
* Just can't tell at all *
[Lexi] Oh my god.
This is so fantastic.
Hmm.
[sighs]
Look at this cheese ball.
On his freaking picnic date
with my girlfriend.
Are we kidding?
What are you doing?
What have you gotten me into?
Oh my gosh.
You got me chocolate cake.
[laughs]
So I had the chance
to talk to Tyler last night.
And when we were talking
I told him about some
of my favorite things,
some of my favorite foods
here in L.A.
And it really meant a lot to me
that he paid attention
to our conversation.
This is like
all of my favorite things.
I feel so spoiled right now.
You had to show up
the other date that was planned?
Yeah, I didn't like it.
I didn't like losing.
Well, you were definitely
trying not to lose.
[muffled shouting]
I am so infuriated.
I am screaming, crying,
throwing up. All of the above.
I feel distraught.
I'm gonna need a counselor,
-a psychologist and medication.
-[laughter]
He's only doing this
'cause he's-- he's nervous.
He's only doing this because
he knows he was
going to get the boot, I get it.
-Yeah.
-I get it.
I get it. He had to say
his last goodbyes.
I get it. It's okay.
It's fine.
Tyler is corny.
Tomato. Tomato.
[all] Tomato, tomato, tomato...!
That's, like,
the nicest thing ever
that anyone's ever done.
I kinda like
having moments, you know?
You're so cute. I can't.
Just to clear it up,
my interests are not
in any of the other two girls
that people are saying
they are.
I might have flirted with them.
That's just me, but...
I hope this shows you
where my interests are at.
No, I really do appreciate this,
like, a lot.
I think this is probably
one of the sweetest things,
like, a guy has done for me.
-Like, I don't--
-No one's ever, like, done this?
-No. No.
-Oh.
Like, actually.
This is, like, really sweet.
Like, it makes my heart
really happy.
This boy is so cute,
and I'm like, "Oh my gosh,
like, how can I be so lucky
to have this experience
with someone who's
so sweet, so kind?"
Most people think I'm, like,
a flirt or a player.
But the truth of the matter is,
I'm from Tuscaloosa, Alabama,
my mom was like,
"I'm not raising no player.
You're gonna treat a girl right
if you're gonna get a girl."
This shows a lot of tenacity,
a lot of effort.
And, like, you're here
for the right reasons,
which I feel like
some people might not be.
So, it-it, like,
actually, like, means a lot.
Yeah sure, well,
I'm glad that you think that.
And looks like
we're on the same page.
[laughs]
You're so cute. I can't.
[Tyler] Oh, here we go.
I can hear the herd.
-Hello.
-Ah!
[laughs]
Why are you
looking at me like that?
[crowd chatters]
Yo, they're talkin' shit.
Apparently people were saying
that was a first date that I had
that wasn't my sister.
-Since he's from Alabama.
-So, I'll ask who it was.
Was it you?
No, but I wish
I would have said it.
I don't want to do more drama.
So, first off,
I just want to know
why Tyler is wearing
the same outfit as me, bro.
-I just want to know that.
-Wow.
I cannot believe this.
-I can't either.
-That's crazy.
We just get back from our date.
He's trying to go on a date.
He can't wait one day?
He put a target on his back
being the first one to do that.
That was a player move.
-He's pushin' P right now.
-He is pushin' P, bro.
It kinda looks like, um,
lookin' in a mirror, bro.
For real?
So you're saying I copied you.
You said it. I'm saying it, bro.
-[laughs]
-[Tyler] Luigi?
I'm not even
saying his name right.
But Luigi is cruisin'.
I'm gettin' hot.
We're rocking the same fit, bro.
And I was wearing this
when I left for my date.
[Tyler] Oh, we're rocking
the same fit?
You know she said how maybe
she was allergic to nuts,
allergic to chocolate, bro.
Some things you just kind of...
But of course,
it's, like, vegan and stuff.
Oh, really?
Maybe if you would have
set up your own date
you would have known.
'Cause the cake
was her favorite cake.
The lemonade was
her favorite lemonade.
-No, I know the lemonade. Yeah.
-Oh, so you knew that.
Oh, well then why are you
just jackin' on chocolate?
[Lexi] Why are you doing this?
You're trying to
assert dominance over a person
that's supposed
to be your friend.
Oh, he didn't actually--
Shut up! Shut up!
What do you think, Lexi?
I think he picked out
all my favorite snacks
-and he did a really good job.
-Damn.
I'm sorry, Luis.
Yo, pack your stuff, bud.
I'm taking your bed.
Those were
all my favorite snacks.
He even got the restaurants
and everything correctly.
Except that
it wasn't him, though.
If you ask the right questions
then you know the right things,
and you can get the right things
and you can do that.
You're a rook.
You're learning. It's alright.
That's all about it.
I mean, I'm not gonna lie.
It was really cute.
But I just think
Tyler isn't the smartest guy,
so I know for a fact he did not
set that up by himself.
Like, everybody was born
to be unique.
We're happy.
No, just, like,
a lot's going on right now.
I thought the date
was really nice.
Oh, that was so much fun.
No, the group date,
we're talking about.
You were there.
-Yeah.
-I want a one-on-one.
-I'm there, bro.
-Would you date everybody?
-Huh?
-One-on-one?
I want a one-on-one
with everyone.
I wish that would be
a possibility.
But I thought it was really
sweet what Tyler did.
But Tyler didn't do that.
I don't think so.
No, I helped Tyler.
He came to me to help him.
Why are you trying
to, like, put him under the bus?
No, no, I'm not
saying that, like...
Luis, bro.
-What did Luis just do, bro?
-[squealing]
What did Luis just do, bro?
That dude is digging himself
in a hot seat right now, bro.
No, I helped Tyler.
He came to me--
[Lexi] Why are you trying
to, like, put him under the bus?
[Luis] No, I'm not saying,
I'm not saying that, like...
He's a great guy.
I walk up at that table
and I'm talking to everyone
and Luis starts
talking shit again.
And he's like, "You know
he didn't really set that up."
I'm like, "Who are you
to say that?
Like, why are you,
why are you--?"
I don't know
why I got so emotional.
[Brian] Today was just packed.
I don't know.
I think that's why.
-It was a lot.
-The day's not over, babe.
If it's like this
every single day, bro?
It's gonna be like this
every single day.
It's getting worse, guys.
-I don't know.
-Don't you think?
Why is everyone looking at me
like [bleep] I'm crazy?
You know, I don't know anything.
It's fixin' to go down.
That's what we're here for.
This game gonna get spicy,
it's gonna get lit.
I'm here for all the drama,
all the smoke.
I'm ready for it to go down.
Rylin capped on you,
I'm not gonna lie.
-What did she say?
-She said that
every single time
or moment that she had with him
was a joke.
Like, it was a joke.
Like, she said she rejected you
over and over and over again.
[Luis] That's hella lie,
because you were there.
"He knows
that we're just friends.
He knows I rejected him.
Like, he even told Lexi
that I rejected him."
I think it's just
a whole lot of phony shit.
And no one's owning up
to what they're doing.
Like, if I'm going to
do something, own up to it.
You're under pressure, bro.
Why is everything all of
a sudden directed towards me?
It's not. You're just
sitting there taking it.
[overlapping speech]
[Luis] So, there is
a lot of drama.
And honestly, at this point,
I'm just trying to redeem myself
and do whatever I can
to get on Lexi's good side.
-Alright. Miss Spicy.
-Wait, I didn't hear everything.
I legit have my tea.
For the tea, I am ready.
-Let's start spillin' it.
-Let's get into it.
It's been loud.
There's been a ruckus going on.
I need to be filled in.
I leave you guys
for one second
and all of a sudden, everybody's
screaming at each other.
What are we trippin' off of?
How did the date go?
The day went great.
We were just vibin', chillin'.
And then I walk up and I see
nearly a reflection of myself
with a blanket out.
Like two pillows.
It looks really romantic.
I won't lie.
It looked good.
-It was a good-ass date.
-[Spicy] Okay.
But the thing is, I'm like,
"Why is he being so unoriginal?
Copying my fit?"
And then he's getting
a one-on-one date,
when he didn't even
win the challenge. You know?
Like, we're over here putting in
work to win the challenge
-and he gets a one-on-one.
-Kinda true.
You kinda killed it.
Like, why did he get that?
-Exactly.
-Okay. So, you're hatin'...
It was kind of undeserved. Yeah.
Okay.
And then what?
Lexi and I are
on the couch, right? Listening.
Okay, Lexi can hear this.
And I'm figuring out over here
that it wasn't really him.
Clearly, Tyler needs the help.
-Okay?
-Yeah. That's what I'm saying.
So, if anything, you should be
feeling sorry for him.
Instead of, what came across
is jealous.
What came across is hateful.
It's not even
that I'm jealous or anything.
I just feel that-- I feel like
he did it intentionally
just to get me back.
'Cause I feel really attacked,
the fact that he's wearing
the same color as me...
You know, the same jacket.
So it's like, it's not that hard
to be yourself.
I mean, imitated,
but never duplicated.
-Exactly.
-So maybe take it as flattery.
Because what I don't want is--
fighting with other dudes
in here.
Now she's, like,
"Dang, now I gotta worry about
when I take him out
if he's gonna embarrass me."
Like, she's paying attention
to all of this.
And I know you have
the best intentions,
but why are we worried
about, like, sheep
when we're a freaking wolf?
-No, that's real.
-That's all. Period.
Yeah. That's word.
But then, there's someone
capping on him,
making him look terrible.
-Between him and Rylin.
-Right.
Making him look terrible,
obviously making her
look better for Lexi.
It's just like, I feel like
I'm getting attacked recently.
Like everything's
directed towards me.
She can play for any team
that she wants,
So you guys have to remember,
unless you secured the bag,
the bag's gonna get taken.
So, if somebody else has to lie
on your name,
what are you guys doing
to step your game up?
How are you
setting yourself apart
from the other people
in the house?
Little by little
my heart's just breaking,
'cause I'm helping
other boys get my girl.
We had a one-on-one
with her outside.
She brought you up.
She's a little irritated.
So, just go address it.
Just be a man.
Own up for your actions.
Make eye contact with her
and just let her know.
[Spicy] Hi.
I just want to say.
I want to apologize
for my actions,
I know I stepped out of hand
coming after Tyler.
It's just that I felt like
I didn't do anything
to deserve
to get called out like this.
'Cause, like, you obviously seen
I was wearing this
way before Tyler did.
And I just feel like
that was def, like,
trying to say,
"Luis, you're not it."
I guess the only reason
I'm really upset
is because I was so happy.
I've never been on a date
like that before in my life.
Nobody's ever taken the time
to, like, memorize
all of my favorite snacks.
And then I come inside
and Luis is just, like,
being really nasty to him.
Basically, I'm trying to say
I'm sorry for my actions.
and I hope we can turn the page.
-I don't, I don't like drama.
-Yeah.
I can't handle it well.
And especially after,
like, standing there.
Like, this is,
like, real for me.
Standing there after a really
sweet date that he put together.
I was so happy.
I was, like, smiling so much.
I do accept your apology.
I do, I do.
Like, actually, I appreciate
you coming to talk to me,
because that was not--
I was just really emotional.
I could tell
that Tyler was like,
a really sweet
and genuine person.
Sure, Cyprien might have helped.
And it says loads
about Cyprien's character
that he would help his friend
set that date up
and not be selfish
and want to do that himself.
But it's like, I had
the biggest smile on my face,
and I was so happy about it.
and then I come in
and it's just, like,
why are we causing more drama?
I'm sorry you had
to go through all that.
I know you're genuinely,
like, a good person,
you have a beautiful soul.
The fact that your eyes
tell the whole story.
You're beautiful inside out.
Like, you care
about everybody.
And understand that
everything here is for you.
Like, we're all
trying to impress you.
But I don't feel like
you're deserving any of this.
I'm sorry.
You're too kind
and too beautiful
to be going through
any of this pain right now.
Thank you.
I'm sorry, boo.
[Brian] What's happening
with everyone?
I'm not worried about going home
for, like, a couple days
if y'all are gonna
keep fumbling.
I don't think anybody's fumbling
the bag today or tomorrow.
No, but he got
a lot of chances, though.
You don't think?
All I gotta say is, Luis [bleep]
up, but it's not only Luis.
It's Luis, it's Jayme,
it's Sienna,
[Marc] Luis is the scapegoat
right now.
Like, literally,
they need to be called out
in front of everybody.
-So Lexi knows.
-That's what I'm saying.
Because there's no way.
I feel like--
I'm not gonna lie to you,
I feel like Lexi's being
too oblivious to them.
She's not even
paying them no mind.
Totally. She's being sweet.
Especially to Rylin.
Yeah. Exactly.
Yeah, Rylin needs to be,
like, held accountable too.
[Josh] Rylin just wanted
to get out of sight.
She's not feelin' Luis.
They're just friends.
-That's cap!
-That's cap.
She cuddles up
with all her friends.
And she likes physical touch
with her friends.
Then, the whole thing with
Tyler and Sienna is just like...
They need to figure that out.
It is going down.
Like, that's all we have to say.
Alright, peace!
-Yes.
-Hey, at eliminations...
Don't let her ask no questions
who she think fake.
-'Cause I'm letting it fly.
-We tellin'.
-I'm lettin' it fly.
-We lettin' 'em know.
Hey.
Daters, welcome to your second
elimination ceremony.
Just like last time,
Lexi's going to swipe
on your dating profiles.
And, of course,
as your matchmakers,
we're gonna advocate
on your behalf.
But, ultimately it's up to Lexi
whether you're going home
or if you still get a chance
at love with her.
So, the first profile I would
like to go through is Jasmine's.
I went on a group date
with you today,
and I think I connected
with you really well.
Um, we talked about
some really emotional stuff
and I got to know you
a lot better.
Um, and I'm really glad
that that happened.
For those reasons,
you will remain a match.
[applause]
[singing] * Butterflies!
[giggles] Um.
[deadpan] It was cool.
I'm just kidding. No.
The second person I would like
to talk about is Tyler.
Tyler, um, you made
my whole day today.
You really put forth
the effort
and surprised me
with a really sweet date.
I've never had a date like that
before in my entire life,
and I want you to know
how much it meant to me.
You surprised me
with all my favorite things
and it was very sweet
and we talked and got deep.
I really appreciated that.
Um, so for those reasons,
you will remain a match.
-Aw.
-[applause]
My game plan in all of this
is definitely taking Lexi home.
I'm taking her all the way back
to sweet home Alabama, baby.
You know?
Up next, I would like
to talk about Luis.
We've had a couple problems
throughout the past
couple of days.
Um, I really, really appreciated
that you came
and talked to me today.
Your apology was sincere
and heartfelt
and it meant a lot to me.
I did get really emotional today
because it was
just a lot going on.
and I was really
overwhelmed.
So getting some reassurance
from you,
and hearing your words
of apology meant a lot to me.
I was still really,
really, really concerned
about some of the things
that happened today.
For those reasons, you will be
up for elimination tonight.
So, I'm sorry.
[Luis] Lexi pretty much
just called me out
for some sketchy stuff
that was happening earlier.
And then, I mean,
I really can't blame her.
I hurt my chances really bad.
The next person...
Actually, could I-- Could I talk
to my dating coaches
-for a second really quickly?
-Yeah.
[Anthony] Sure.
This is honestly so much harder
than I thought it would be.
I think I already know
who I want to send home.
[Anthony] Mm-hm.
It's really difficult, but...
I just wanna hear
some reassurance from you.
What do you guys think?
Literally, don't have
anyone else in mind
that is up
for elimination,
then it sounds like
Luis is the only one.
Okay.
As, you know, his coach,
I've been trying
to lead and guide.
and direct him
to make better decisions.
But unfortunately,
he's just not there
as far as, like,
the self-awareness is concerned.
I think that
a lot of the negatives
-outweigh the positives.
-Mm-hm.
So I'm having a difficult time
finding another person
to put on the elimination block.
[Lexi] I really don't know
what to do at this point.
On one hand I have Luis,
who I feel like
I can't really trust.
And on the other hand,
I have other contestants,
who I feel like are
also telling half-truths.
I talked to my dating coaches,
I had to make a really
difficult decision tonight.
I feel like there was just
a lot of immaturity
and drama that happened,
and as much as
I appreciated your apology,
I was just
a little bit overwhelmed
because of everything
that happened.
So, because of those reasons,
unfortunately, Luis,
you have been unmatched
and you will be
going home tonight.
-I'm sorry.
-Don't worry about it.
[Luis] It's all good.
Don't even trip.
No hard feelings at all.
Okay, I'm glad.
And I'm really glad
we got to know each other.
Just, some things
didn't work out.
You know, I hope
you find happiness,
and that's really
all I really care about.
Thank you.
[light clapping]
I am okay. For the only reason
because I'm not the type of guy
to be stingy like,
"That should have been me.
I'm supposed to be with her."
And it would have been really
nice if I did end up with her,
but I am a little hurt
that we didn't.
And I kind of
messed everything up,
so I'm stepping on
my own shoelaces at this point.
I've had a lot of fun
with you guys
through this whole process.
The group date
was awesome
and I feel like I got to know
all of you a lot better.
And I'm really excited
to continue doing that.
Goodnight, guys.
Get some rest.
See you tomorrow.
-[Spicy] Goodnight, guys.
-[Anthony] Goodnight.
-[clapping]
-[kids] Goodnight.
Oh, this is hot.
[giggles]
Who's a big, fat, juicy liar?
-[Kalysta] Rylin!
-Oh!
I'm over it.
I hope she goes home.
I don't want her here
anymore.
He tried to kiss me
in my room the other day.
And I told him that
it was not going to happen.
You know what? We're throwin'
shots, let me throw this.
Last night she whispered
in my boy's ear
that she wanted to cuddle
with Josh last night.
Is that not true?
Finally someone is
honest with me about something.
They dropped a bomb,
and then another bomb,
and another bomb.
Explosion. Shit's crazy.